Banner Grabber
==============

This is a simple banner grabber, designed to be used in conjunction with my
tiny TCP scanner. It takes a list of hosts on stdin to connect to and collect
data from, optionally sending a request. It outputs a logfile-friendly stream to
stdout which can be redirected to a database, a file, or anything that can take
input on stdin.

Options
-------

  * -h Help output.
  * -n Number of concurrent requests.
  * -f Output format; currently available formats are csv, xml and json.
  * -r Request template; %h will be replaced with the IP, %p will be replaced
       with the port. \n will be replaced with a newline and \r will be replaced
       with a carriage return.

Examples
--------

1) Existing host list (1 host:port combo per line)

  cat hosts.txt | \  
  ./grabber -n 10 -f csv -r "GET / HTTP/1.0\r\n\r\n"

2) Output from tiny tcp scanner

  packets-recv -i eth0 -f "dst port 12345" | \  
  ./grabber -n 10 -f csv -r "GET / HTTP/1.0\r\n\r\n"

3) Slightly more valid HTTP request

  cat hosts.txt | \  
  ./grabber -r "GET / HTTP/1.1\r\nHost: %h:%p\r\n\r\n"

License
-------

BSD 3 clause license. There's a copy included with the source.

Contact
-------

I frequent a bunch of IRC channels. You can find me on irc.freenode.net and
irc.ruxcon.org.au in various channels. I'll be under the name "deoxxa" on both
networks if I'm there at the time. You can also try decoding the following text
using base64 to email me if you really need to.

  ZGVveHhhQGZrbnNycy5iaXoK
